ah not gonna lie he is really freaking
me out ah I told you is he normally like
that yeah pretty much he normally
doesn't shoot road hey guys oh shit
through okay okay here's how it works he
acted all the cones he wore timed good
luck mission starts in the buzzer rings
doesn't a buzzer buzz no a bell dessert
uh you know what just no yeah no I don't
even wanna bother good lord okay Nick
take out the Kona left Marcus take the
one straight ahead go
oh we don't have that one it's the
goddamned swapping mags oh my god
five plus KS nice shot oh my god did
that really happen
okay so we're still on the same team
that's good right as long as you don't
sabotage your equipment again then yes
oh it was one time what are you gonna
let that go never oh all right Colonel
Bauman Vice Admiral Ward is on the horn
to brief you of your mission sir put it
on the main screen aye sir orange team
what's your status green hmm okay well
your missions going to be an easy one
for your first naval special weapons
mission you were to kill insurrection
lyst leader rate Williamson he is on
Jericho seven for only a small period of
time our operatives obtained precious
data to lead to your team success
including the uniforms and his place of
residence you'll be dropped just outside
the city then you're on your own meet up
at the evac zone for extraction at 1800
hours good luck Ward out
or steam I left in 20 get your gear
uniforms ready for you let's go wow
these are ugly ass uniforms green and
red what is this Christmas watch me uh
yeah I think somebody in recon screwed
up what did they spend still in cold
blood on that mission why would they
send somebody color blind in this Bishop
a better question why didn't they just
let him kill the guy I'm keep going
they are all looking at
Eric do that sniper thing again I can't
just do that whenever I want I say we
take them I say we stand out fuck this I
don't want to die take it target we're
going on my mark down brazen don't you
think you're the one surrounded buddy
why don't you set your weapons down
that's not going to happen
at the signal
everybody let's go half a klick to the
residence
go go go I got you covered
yeah why not you're too late he's
already gone rockets what the hell Billy
I wasn't even close sorry I got excited
you know what
dude he actually kills him
he was nanny look two meters from but I
have a hundred percent accuracy you
wasted like nine magazines on the way
here that was obviously just covering
fire do you actually know what that
means no I just heard this remark oh
fuck Marcus
ali album damn i was only two kills away
from getting a c-130 support hang on
we're gonna get you out of here
you
I'll take us down here copy that ah
fucking Billy